# Website
This practical work consists on a website that directs you to a main webpage (index.html) through which you can access the several other webpages of the website. The about me section is a webpage that contains some personal information about me along some scienc related and non-science related skills i have. The topic (topic.html) section is an informative webpage about black holes, since they have always fascinated me. In the net (net.html) we can find the links to my classmates' websites. In the degree (degree.html) there is a short description about the degree I am studying and its academic program, organized in years and subjects. This degree webpage will also redirect us to the FCE webpage (fundamental.html), which includes a detailed description about this subject and its contents. To conclude, the contact webpage (contact.html) contains links to my social medias and a contact form.

During the development of this website I have faced many problems. First of all, it is true that using an external template as a layout for website can save a lot of work, but it also has inconvenientes. I have had trouble trying to identify the CSS code for an HTML element between the thousands of lines of CSS code when I had to modify the style of any element. I also found difficult having to find where did I have to change my own information by the template one. Other than that, I spent many hours searching, coding, changing elements and deleting them, which I found really tedious.

In conclusion, I think I have learnt a lot of web developing in HTML5 and CSS3. In fact, I was expecting this to be just another work such as any other one, but even though it required more work than other practical works, I actually can say that I have learnt a lot while developing this website. I also have learnt that in order to be a web developer or a programmer you have to be a very meticulous person, since you have to be very careful about every single detail if you want to achieve the product you want.